It's certainly an interesting text for us today, very well known.
And we appreciate that Jehovah reveals to us what we need, what we need to know in order
to be happy, and what we need in order to serve Him faithfully.
But there are some things that Jehovah God has not revealed to us, things that we may
be curious about, things that we really don't know.
But our curiosity may persist even though it's something we are not able to know or fully
understand.
For example, our text comment tells us that we don't need to know the names of all of
the anointed on earth today.
And the last sentence in the text comment tells us that it would be pointless to try and
ascertain who among God's servants will eventually be part of the 144,000.
The final judgment and sealing of the anointed is a very private matter between Jehovah and
individual anointed ones.
However, some of us may be a bit like Peter, curious about others and what God's will
is for them.
But frankly speaking brothers and sisters, our curiosity does have to be controlled.
We need to recognize our limitations and there are things that really don't pertain
to us.
Let's read a scripture text on this point at John chapter 21.
John 21 will read verses 20 through 23.
This follows Jesus telling Peter what sort of death he would undergo.
And so John 21, 21 through 23, it says in verse 20, Peter turned around and saw the
disciple whom Jesus loved following.
That would be the Apostle John.
The one who at the evening meal had also leaned back on his chest and said, Lord, who is the
one betraying you?
So when he caught sight of him, that is Peter caught sight of John following, Peter said
to Jesus, Lord, what about this man?
Well, Peter had just learned what sort of death he would undergo.
Now he wanted to know about John.
Jesus said to him, if it is my will for him to remain until I come, of what concern is
that to you?
Isn't that interesting?
You continue following me.
And that's the key point.
And then it goes on, it says, so the saying went out among the brothers that this disciple
would not die.
Well, rumors sometimes start circulating.
We hear something and then we pass it on and maybe misunderstood.
However, Jesus did not say to him that he would not die, but he said, if it is my will
for him to remain until I come, of what concern is that to you?
That probably stifled Peter for a few moments on that occasion, slowed him down a bit.
But Peter didn't go away distressed or upset with Jesus not telling him how John would
remain until Jesus came.
And that would be when Jesus revealed to John about his personal, his coming in the kingdom
in the future, and John wrote it all down in the book of Revelation.
And that was done in about the year 96.
So Peter was curious about what was going to happen with John, but he didn't know, didn't
have the right to know about something that pertained to Jesus and to John.
It was private.
Knowing the names of brothers and sisters in our congregation is of interest to us.
Frankly, I'm finding it a little bit difficult at times to remember names in a new congregation
when I have to call on brothers.
But little by little, we learn.
And usually we, of the other sheep, know who partakes of the emblems because after all
in our congregation, we see that the emblems being passed and we can see individuals partaking
in a sense, telling us that yes, they have the heavenly calling.
We see it at the memorial.
And I might also add at this point, even though we don't know about that personal relationship
that comes about, we don't experience it ourselves, but we are convinced, for example, that
the members of the governing body have the heavenly calling.
After all, Jehovah has blessed them.
They fulfill Bible prophecy about the faithful and discreet slave.
There are certain things that we acquire knowledge about and we're convinced of.
We see Jehovah's favor on them.
We have no doubt that Jehovah's blessing is upon their efforts to take care of the domestics
and provide spiritual food for all of us, but there's something we don't know.
We have nothing to do with the final ceiling.
That is a personal thing that takes place between the individual and Jehovah God.
And as the comments on the text state, it takes place some time before the anointed one
dies faithful or before the outbreak of the great tribulation.
That's what we're told, and that's what we understand.
And that's what's indicated in Revelation where it speaks of the final ceiling of the anointed.
And as our scripture text today says, the anointed and the other sheep make up one flock
under one shepherd.
We work together to do Jehovah's will to honor his name, and we're not seeking to make
a name for ourselves among men, among people, to get some type of personal glory about
what we do.
It's an interesting account about Manoa, the man who became father to Samson, and the
angel that appeared to Manoa.
Now, Manoa refers to the angel as the man of the true God.
So his impression was it was a man that came from the true God to speak to his wife and
then to him.
He knew it wasn't Jehovah because Manoa had spoken to Jehovah God, and he requested
that Jehovah send the man of the true God again to him.
Well, let's see what took place in that account in judges 13 because we get a viewpoint
of what kind of attitude we want to have in connection with our service to God, Jehovah.
Judges chapter 13 verses 17 and 18.
It says there then Manoa said to Jehovah's angel, what is your name so that we may honor
you when your word comes true.
However, Jehovah's angel said to him, why are you asking about my name, seeing that it
is a wonderful one.
In other words, I'm not giving you my name.
You don't need to know my name.
That angel displayed modesty.
And the other point, too, to keep in mind, Manoa's words reveal something to us.
He wanted to know the angel's name in order to honor him when his word came true.
Jehovah deserves the honor and it wasn't the angel's word.
It was Jehovah's word by means of his messenger, the angel.
So the angel was not about to take credit that belonged to Jehovah.
And when you think about it, isn't that the way that the anointed and the other sheep,
we look at things, we're not here to try and take credit for ourselves, some kind of
glory among our brothers.
No, we're here to honor Jehovah God, bring him praise.
Whatever we do in our sacred service is to honor Jehovah.
And what about knowing at some point in the future, those who will be in the heavenly
kingdom with Christ?
Well, the watchtower from which our text comments are taken says this.
Psalm 87 verses 5 and 6 indicate that it is likely that in the future, the names of all those
who have been raised to rule with Jesus in heaven will be revealed.
And then Romans is cited.
It speaks of the revealing of the sons of God, not directly in connection with revealing
their names, but that term is used there.
And Psalm 87 verses 5 and 6 is cited referring to Zion and those born in her.
And we know that those of the anointed receive their born again with the hope of everlasting
life.
And they're born to Jehovah's heavenly, his wife, the heavenly organization to rule with
Jesus Christ in the heavens.
So we don't need to know the names of every member of the anointed and follow each one
of them.
That's not what we do.
Jesus is our leader, and the Bible tells us we must follow only Him, Matthew 2310.
And there is a principle to keep in mind that's found at 2 Timothy 219.
It applies to all the anointed and the other sheep.
It's a beautiful principle.
And Jehovah knows those who belong to Him.